Stock Distillation Statement : 


Users will be able to plan , invite and join any outing ( corporate / personal ) from within TO  
Users ( corporate ) will need to have SPOC for events 
Users should be able to lookup any PoI within range , event_dateTime , event_type ,  num_of_members  in each region 
Users should be able to add multiple events ( for diff  business / personal events )   under TO_Outing   
Users should be able to book any event with " N " members available 
User can submit bookings using different protocols and policy for each events - so multiple policy / booking strategies should be  available  for each user and they can combine strategies for each invoice billings or to schedule the Booking based on User policy . 
Users will have to pay before booking any Outing through TO payment gateway ( credit cards tax may not be in invoice if payment is through direct accounts transfer ) 
Users will be able to update the bookings before eventDate as per update policy 
Users will be able to cancel the bookings before eventDate as per cancel policy 
Users  will be able to view events history 
Users will be able to book from events history for any event again 
The model of a user should have association that TO is striving to develop with repeat customers. Therefore, it should represent the history of the user in useful condensed form, participation in special programs / deals , affiliation with strategic corporate clients - for payment strategies also.
Users loyalty benefits for repeated events - more discounts , preference when there are multiple bookings for that vendor 
Users ( personal ) discounts will be added to personal wallet 
Users ( corporate ) discounts will be split for all members wallet 
Users can use the wallet for personal spends  ( only in 50s or 100s )   and social spends 
Users can manage the social spends using budget calculator 
Users will be able to select any social demands and share the wallet credits to this and TO will get the tax invoice for this 
Users will be sent the tax invoice for this and will be able to see the same in TO . 
Users should be able to provide feedback of each event they went to avail discounts 
Users will be sent additional discounts to users wallets  ( that can be used for personal events ) for each event feedback as agreed by TO  
Users should be able to see all feedback / ratings shared from similar users  for any PoI in each region 
Users should be able to discuss post outing and share outing f/b to others 
Users will be able to add alerts for personal spends for payment 

TO - Vendor contracts : 
All vendors should agree and sign TO agreement for discounts , update policy , Cancellation policy , booking / refund policy  for agreement duration 
Vendors will need to publish availability and confirm event bookings from TO during agreement duration  
Vendors should agree on loyalty benefits with TO 
Vendors / agent should be able to associate with TO but can only fulfil within the allocated zone as per Vendor constraints approved by TO .
Vendors should be able to update the price and availability any time ( but mostly this needs to be updated daily ) and this updated price should be available in the dashboard in near RT. 

TO policies : 
Update policy - flexible policies but this may vary according to vendors 
Cancellation policy - flexible policies but this may vary according to vendors 


Status :
The representation of the state of the Booking should be comprehensible to human managers, to give them deeper insight and support better decision making. 






Stock Booking Strategy -  The model can represent user details  /  priorities and vendor booking strategies and balance these based on flexible policies. 
User can submit bookings using different protocols and policy for each item - so multiple policy / booking strategies should be  available  for each user and they can combine strategies for each invoice billings or to schedule the Booking based on User policy . 



User Purchase history -  The model of a user should have association that LM is striving to develop with repeat customers. Therefore, it should represent the history of the user in useful condensed form, participation in special programs / deals , affiliation with strategic corporate clients - for payment strategies also.
User purchase history will be used to predict the behaviour and needs of the user .   
User will be able to see the purchase history at item level .    
 
User login and Dashboard -  Different roles of different users (such as User, agent, Vendors , support) are represented to enrich the model  association and  feed necessary information to the security framework.  A security framework will authenticate a user's identity and then limit access to specific features based on privileges assigned to defined user roles. 



Vendors / agent should be able to associate with LM similar to User but can only fulfil within the allocated zone as per Stockists constraints approved by LM . Vendors should be able to update the price and availability any time ( but mostly this needs to be updated daily ) and this updated price should be available in the dashboard in near RT.  



Stock Booking / Fulfilment Strategy -  The domain model will have to account for every stock items and also represent the status of stock materials and items within each vendor levels  associated in such a way that necessary audit trails can be provided and automated product routing can be supported.     The model will not include the human resources required in the process, but must allow selective process automation . 
User can select dateTime of Fulfilment or schedule a fixed dateTime and can also update this before 5 days before the dateTime set before . 
The items (  using UniqueProductIdentifier  UPI  )  will be added to the LM inventory before it is approved for dispatch to fulfil the Invoice created for a customer . The UPIs will be used to lookup any product sent from LM any time . 
The UPIs should be agreed by the vendors / agent / sellers . 


Stock Fulfilment Status -   The representation of the state of the Booking should be comprehensible to human managers, to give them deeper insight and support better decision making. 




